BUG-0041
Calendar Notes Not Saving
Bug
New
High
Resolve
Status
New
Priority
High
Assigned To
Unassigned
Description

The notes entered into a task through the calendar are not saving properly. This ticket has already been entered twice, and each time the system indicates that it worked. However, when I go back to check, the notes are not there.

Please look into this issue, as the entries are not being saved despite the confirmation message indicating success.

AI Analysis

1. Affected Part of the App:  
The Calendar module—specifically, the feature allowing users to add or edit notes to tasks within the calendar view—is affected.

2. Root Cause Analysis:  
Based on the description:
- The user is able to enter notes and receives a confirmation message indicating the save was successful, but upon revisiting the task, the notes are missing.
- This suggests a mismatch between the UI feedback and the actual data persistence.

Likely causes (absent further evidence) are:
- The frontend is optimistically displaying a success message without confirming success from the backend.
- There could be an issue in the API endpoint responsible for saving notes (e.g., failed requests, silent backend validation errors, or a missing update in the database).
- Alternatively, the data might be saved in a temporary (client-side) store and not actually persisted server-side.
- Since the issue has been reported multiple times by the user, it's unlikely to be a transient connectivity issue.

3. Recommended Fix / Next Steps:
- Log backend requests when saving notes from the calendar to verify that the save API is both called and succeeding with 2xx responses.
- Check the backend logs/database to see if the notes are being persisted.
- Ensure the frontend only shows a success confirmation after receiving a successful response from the backend (not on-submit).
- Test if the issue occurs with all calendar tasks or only certain ones (e.g., tasks created in a particular way or edited by specific users).
- Consider adding error handling and notification if the save action fails silently.

```json
{"severity": "high", "category": "functionality"}
```

https://expeditiongroupny.com/projects/53
Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/145.0.0.0 Safari/537.36
Yitzchock Braun
skver8448@gmail.com
Client: ExpeditionGroup (expeditiongroupny.com)
Linked Projects

Intake process
Open in Replit
Phase 2
Open in Replit
Replies (0)

No replies yet

