FR-0001
Client portal
Feature Request
New
High
Resolve
Status
New
Priority
High
Assigned To
Unassigned
Description

" The client portal must match the admin portal exactly in layout, navigation, and functionality, except for permissions to add, edit, or delete.

The client should be able to view and access all of the following modules exactly like admin:

Required Visible Modules & Features:

Dashboard – identical to admin, including:

Past-due tasks

Upcoming tasks

Project summaries

Notifications

Activity overview

Projects – exact same layout and features:

Tasks

Notes

Time logs

Archived notes

Folders

Documents

File viewing & downloads

Tasks – full task viewing:

Notes

Time logs

Status

Deadlines

Calendar – full calendar visibility

Time Logs – full viewing access

Invoices – full invoice viewing

Activity Log – full system activity visibility

Associates & Folders – same structure and navigation"

AI Analysis

1) What part of the app is affected  
The client portal’s UI and feature set are affected, specifically its consistency with the admin portal. The bug report states that the client portal should mirror the admin portal’s layout, navigation, and features for view permissions but currently does not.

2) Root cause analysis  
Based solely on the description, the root issue appears to be incomplete or inconsistent implementation of the client portal’s interface and modules compared to the admin portal. The discrepancies may be due to:
- Conditional rendering logic that hides or omits certain components or modules in the client portal.
- Missing routes, features, or navigation elements in the client portal view.
- Insufficient permission checks that remove not only edit/add/delete capabilities but also read/view capabilities.

3) Recommended fix or next steps  
a. Review the admin portal’s UI and feature set in detail.
b. Audit the client portal to identify all missing or altered modules, navigation items, and layouts relative to the admin portal.
c. Adjust the client portal codebase to replicate the same modules, layout, and navigation, but restrict add/edit/delete permissions to view-only as required.
d. Add/extend automated tests to ensure new parity between portals with respect to visible features.
e. If design differences are intentional, document them and communicate changes to stakeholders.

```json
{"severity": "high", "category": "ui"}
```

https://expeditiongroupny.com/reminders
Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/145.0.0.0 Safari/537.36
Yitzchock Braun
skver8448@gmail.com
Client: Financery (synccos.world)
Linked Projects

Full CRM PMS
Open in Replit
Replies (0)

No replies yet

